in this video I'm going to show you how
to downgrade your iOS 6 to iOS 5.1 point
one on your A for device like an iPhone
4 you can see I'm running ios6 right
here so just to confirm that now a lot
of people don't like iOS 6 because well
there's map gate and there's no
untethered jailbreak thus far for iOS 6
so if you have one of the older devices
like an iphone 4 or ipod touch 4th
generation then you can do this if you
have your SHSH blobs saved now I'm just
going to put my device into dfu mode
hold home in power for 10 seconds
release power continue out in home for
10 additional seconds the screen should
remain black like this and then we'll
head over to our computer and we'll load
up redsnow but first of all you're going
to see where iTunes may detect your
device that's cool just hit OK on that
open up redsnow the latest version you
should see where it detects your iphone
in dfu mode or whatever other device you
have hooked up you want to go to extras
and then select SHSH blobs and then you
should see stitch at the very bottom now
as you can see here I have my sh sh
block for iOS 5.1 point 1 this is for my
iphone 4 so just keep that in mind you
will need your SHSH blobs if you don't
have it locally on your computer that's
okay you can get it from cydia if you
have it stored on cydia which hopefully
you do if you don't obviously you cannot
downgrade now you also need your iOS 5.1
point 1 firmware file for your device
will have that as well so just have your
SHSH blobs if you have that locally and
also your firmware file in the same
folder head over to red snow again click
on stitch like we said earlier and then
you can select your ipsw here so go
ahead and select that here is the ipsw
the firmware file for 5.1 point 1 select
that it should recognize it tell you
what it is they build for iphone 3 comma
1 and now you want to select local
because i have my blog save locally if
you don't you can select city i know to
try to pull it from cydia so you have
some options there so now what it's
doing is it's combining the two to
create one new ipsw a custom ipsw that
stitches your blob together with the
firmware file so that you can actually
use this to restore to an older firmware
even though Apple is no longer longer
signing iOS 5.1
point one which is really cool so here
is the blob stitching confirmation that
it's complete click OK and there is your
new firmware file you can see that the
number I've actually zero that out just
for privacy concerns on my part but
you'll have your ecid as a prefix on the
new firmware file now the other two
files you can just leave them there for
now but this new one is what we really
want to concentrate on so just don't
worry about the other two for now
because they don't really play any more
parts in this process now go back to
redsnow click extras and then click
pwned DFU this is very important if you
don't do this then you will get a 1600
air and iTunes when you try to restore
with this custom firmware so now you
should see your device should be in
pwned DFU mode your screen should just
stay black on the device so you're not
going to notice any difference on the
actual device now open up iTunes hold
option click restore select the new
firmware file make sure you select the
new firmware the one that was just
created with the ecid number in front
and then click OK it'll prepare your
iphone for restore this looks just like
a normal restore so if you've ever
restored your iPhone before you know
exactly what to expect you're going to
see the apple logo pop up on your screen
you're going to see the little loading
bar there and I've sped this up a lot
just to get through this because this is
very time consuming it takes a while to
restore an iphone or an ipod touch for
that matter so just wait until that
loading bar goes all the way across
you'll see this and then followed by a
little error message and I tune so i'm
going to show you that error message
it's going to be like a negative 1 error
it says the iphone iphone could not be
restored an unknown error occurred
negative 1 don't worry about that you're
going to see your your device look like
this connect to itunes don't sweat it
i'm going to show you how to fix this
problem the first thing you want to do
is just close out of itunes just click
ok here close that out open up redsnow
click extras and then click recovery fix
you should see this screen right here
now what you want to do is place your
device back in a dfu mode you know grab
your vice hold the home button and the
power button at the same time for 10
seconds after that 10 seconds is up
release the power button continue
holding home and then you should see
that black screen just stay there sort
of like this here so I'm going to
continue holding home for a few more
seconds and
once those seconds are up released the
home button and then on your screen you
should see redsnow begin to take off
exploiting with lime rain that will
automatically kick off and go ahead and
fix that recovery issue that it had
there so just give it a few seconds this
will take a while again I've sped this
up a little bit just to speed it up for
you guys you don't sit here all day
trying to figure this out so now it's
showing this downloading jailbreak data
that's a very good sign you should see
the little matrix mode it looks like
you're actually jailbreaking your device
but you're not it's actually just
kicking you out of that stupid recovery
mode and fixing your problems so that we
can boot up sort of like this that is
iOS 5 ladies and gentlemen we just
downgraded our iphone 4 from iOS 6 back
down to iOS 5 just like that a super
easy redsnow plays an integral role in
this so just follow along step by step
it's super easy you can't mess up if you
follow the steps just like that so
hopefully this was able to help you out
I want to go ahead and just finish
setting up the device here disabled
location services yeah yeah all right
I'm going to go ahead and set up my
network right now alright that's set up
activating set up as a new iphone skip
this step okay agree agree don't send
next start using iphone there we are
ladies and gentlemen back on iOS 5.1
point 1 so feel free to use google maps
if you want to do that if you hate the
new maps app but just to prove it to you
general about BAM five point one point
one hope this was able to help you out
ladies and gentlemen make sure you check
out i download blog for more details